Add a Validation To Assure Feed Integrations Have A Reliability Parameter (#3023)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue in **pre-commit** where `--input` flag was not filtered by the git files.
* Skip reset containers for XSOAR NG and XSIAM(PANW-internal only).
* Fixed an issue where **lint** failed fetching docker image details from a PANW GitLab CI environment. (PANW-internal only).

> * Added a validation that feed integrations implement the `integrationReliability` configuration parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the **validate** command to verify feed integrations implement the *integrationReliability* configuration parameter.
```
